people are different in soloqueue how
they act you know and you people are
very like bad toxic and in America
they're like just passive-aggressive or
you know like it's like why come on why
do I do that why do that
well we're wrapping up week six today on
the second day I'm joined right now by
his van with coverage presented by Omni
slash to talk a little bit about TSM's
triumphant return to form or at least
that's how it feels like to me you had
very - very very solid and definitive
games this weekend do you feel like you
guys are sort of where you need to be
right now mmm-maybe where we need to be
but it's going upwards I think after
last week we got to see her by clutch
and Cena I think it was we had talked
about how we practice and we practice
and how we do things and who does what
and I think it really helped I think I
coach stuff is very great so gotta go
talk about everything and we kind of
revamped our entire like scrim etiquette
or whatever that word is and I think now
we're on an upward spiral yeah yeah it's
fascinating to me I feel like I saw
several different teams to start to tank
laughs in the last couple of weeks and
then everyone I'm interviewing this week
all those teams are now winning and all
of them are saying like yeah we had this
big discussion ever would figure it all
out which is very funny to me but can
you talk a little bit about any of the
details you know I don't want you to
give away any secrets something like
that but but what were some of the
issues you guys had what what are some
of the things are changing so my babies
was that we were not playing I draft
correctly so we had a bad draft we would
just loose like say say never a good
comp or the game we wouldn't do anything
we had a back hump in the late game you
won't do anything at all let me had I
become late game and we will just get
stomped Oh rollover an early game right
so we didn't play to our drafts and I
feel really bad because we were
practicing things in scrims and we when
I actually playing him on stage so we
were like hmm
yeah wait it's all week but I don't know
my parents age now so plus a coach in a
very tough spot because we didn't wanna
play boy Paxson's on in scrimped so it
was hard for him to make good draft for
us and then we ended up like last second
not trusting ourselves in our confidence
to play boy practiced and then we had
some role assignments and in who calls
who says what because icons are very
clouded so people always say like
fireflies same time whenever like you
know sometimes we're trying to shift
towards having one or two people talk
the most and and throw their calls and
then not having three or four people
just scream all the time like let's go
here do this you know so yeah that's the
main thing
how do you feel about how na LCS has
been shaping up with all the different
teams we saw echo fox and cloud 9 built
drop games yesterday but previously
they've had pretty dominant performances
so what do you kind of think of the NA
LCS split so far the season I think even
though c9 and echo fox before its peak
were you know clear got the second first
place teams I don't think they're like
that for I have everyone else like
they're winning every game and they're
best teams for sure but they don't feel
like frenetic 15 right or like the in
Syria or immortals last yeah they don't
feel super dominant but you just can't
win against them at all right it's a
weakness so I feel like it's just like a
huge five top six at this point even
like fly quest and CLG and optica
showing some promise the ones that don't
really have any hope with ggs I guess
like they like have one good game here
and there against teal and then take a
strong mix game and I think everyone
else has like some promise once in a
while so I think it's like a big topic
topic right now okay so now that you've
played here for six weeks I'm gonna ask
you a very very straight-up question
given that na LCS has looked so wonky do
you feel like so weird do you feel like
na LCS has like a weaker roster of teams
to split the in Europe or how do you
feel like this lineup of na teams
compares to like the European teams are
used to playing against I think that at
first when I don't l see us I thought
that me joint ism made deities better
because people like doublelift bio frost
and spence current all spread out to
different teams right so I made the
teams better I think overall like tal
got much better with the aggressor Cena
got better with the friends green stuff
contracts and I'm like I wanna upgrade
rosters because joining the LCS right
but some teams like a fox that people
said they weren't that good roster y
habla doing pretty well so I mean I know
who's better in hearing you roster wise
but normally watch that much of regions
other than Korea
so I'm not sure I think any it has a
pretty good roster so far and the place
may right now I think everyone's kind of
not playing so well right now it games
are very random Mary's better ones but
the games don't feel like one team is
just barren others and everyone can lose
to everyone like we saw Tia lose ggs and
we saw who was it was someone else this
is very random right now I think teams
are not very good overall so you're not
watching EU LCS these days I watch it
but we screamed during LCS either we
have like warm-up screams for LCS days
or we have just screamed so I was like
in between and I watched some hype
matches like five minutes burst g2 or
vitality before they have this their
slump so I watched some games and some
highlight stuff but I don't really watch
them in depth to look on macro and stuff
because I think the ALCS both u na right
now and I'm very good macro wise or like
worth watching for the play and the
macro is more just for entertainment or
fun I watch me in just the top 5 of s
okay to get you know some few things
taken there there are there any teams in
EU LCS that you consider yourself a fan
of or there ones that you like try to
follow because you care about them mmm I
mean I don't know if I care about them
but I hope perhaps as well in no shes
like we stay in contact still we talk
each other weekly so I hope he does well
in g2 and I hope you do as well I think
you just like they are very very good to
me pause there and they kind of pick us
up when we were at our worst so I'm
thankful for g2 and my years in g2 so I
hope they do well I hope to continue
there for LCS championships
streak so what do you think of shifting
gears a little bit what do you think is
the new ADC yeah I mean I saw the
spotlight or like the reveal but it
seems very unusual for it carriers to
have these kinda mechanics like stealth
and like the the - thing the old so I'm
really senior like in play it I just saw
the spotlight so it looks very very fun
and look forward to played I hope it's
not gonna be like another champion
that's a marksman but played in mid
remove jungle top you know like the
classic so yeah I hope it's gonna be any
carry not a top mid jungle champion well
maybe we'll see her top I was talking to
an ADC in na LCS
has already played her I won't say who
and and he was saying that she plays
kind of like Lucien a la Torre kind of
reminds them of evolution so Lucien some
ad carry you can't say who okay no I'm
saying that Kaiser plays a little bit
like Lucien okay okay
finally what do you think of the US
you've been living here for a little bit
you've been living in Los Angeles it's
been a little cold recently though
you're probably laughing about that yeah
I mean this is cold then I don't know
what is but it's nice there overall like
you know weather and conditions are nice
house and tea time is very great we have
backyard ping pong table pretty cool I
think it's much like EU honestly but the
weather is different the people are much
different
like people's humor and people's way of
being personality it's just different
EU is very emotional in leak it's a very
sarcasm dark humor based here in America
people more bright to the tour say that
is how I feel and then solo queue is
very different here and mainstreamers
many one tricks long queue times than in
EU a lot of pro players in the games
everyone it's like a pro player or
Academy player nowadays in you know in
the solo queue in America so also people
are different in solo queue how they act
you know in New York people are very
like bad toxic and in America they're
like just passive aggressive or you know
like it's like why come on why do I do
that why do that yeah I don't know bro
it's a mistake you know but yeah that's
a huge elephant for me it's much
different to play here do you get a lot
more question marks in North America
whenever you us out no I think it
depends on the week if you loose people
like haha t them so bad I hope you lose
this week and then remember in is like I
love you know and there's many fans I'm
in America too like we play with like so
lucky people and they're like oh I love
T sim and use like grass your pro player
nerd you know good luck in life
so it's very different but did you get a
chance to celebrate America's greatest
holiday president staying a couple
Monday's ago I had no idea that happened
I'm just joking nobody first celebrates
Presidents Day it's just a day off yeah
it's just that you just get a day off
well I have this I later he's going
along I had this whole elaborate ruse I
was going to give you where I told you
people put on
presidents masks and go out and do all
the stuff either way is there anything
that you want to say to any of the fans
out there TSM fans or maybe the fans
from Europe that are watching us well to
both the European fans and the American
fans and anyone else I'm happy for you
guys to drink for us and I know that not
everyone was sold on this roster and the
team at first but I'm I'm confident that
we're going upwards right now are our
scripts are very good and I think we're
gonna do well in playoffs thank you for
cheering thank you so much for the
interview really appreciate it for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel did you
know that me and Brodin the cameraman
are basically contractually obligated to
stick around Travis for the rest of his
life we just we can't leave we're not
allowed to leave broad and put your hand
in front of the camera let them know
you're here
it's a sad life we live sad life brought
to you by Omni slash